The mind of the superior man is conversant with righteousness; the mind of the mean man is conversant with gain.
- Confucius 

“Always do what is right. It will gratify half of mankind and astound the other.”
- Mark Twain

“A moral system valid for all is basically immoral.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche

“The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray

“It is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets.”
― Voltaire

"No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man." 
— Heraclitus, lived circa 500 BCE in Ephesus, modern-day Turkey.

The sage "is ready to use all situations and doesn't waste anything. This is called embodying the light." 
— Lao Tzu, alive circa 600 BCE in China.

"Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power." 
— Seneca, died 65 CE in Rome.

"The unexamined life is not worth living." 
— Socrates, lived in Athens circa 450 BCE.

"Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul." 
— Democritus, lived circa 400 BCE in Greece.

“Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.”
— Marcus Aurelius

“If you do not change direction you may end up where you are heading.”
— Lao Tzu

Excellence is not a gift, but a skill that takes practice. We do not act ‘rightly’ because we are ‘excellent’, in fact we achieve ‘excellence’ by acting ‘rightly.’
— Plato

There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance
— Socrates

My friend…care for your psyche…know thyself, for once we know ourselves, we may learn how to care for ourselves.
— Socrates

The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing
— Socrates

It is better to change an opinion than to persist in a wrong one
— Socrates

Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow.
— Plato

“If one should desire to know whether a kingdom is well governed, if its morals are good or bad, the quality of its music will furnish the answer.”
― Confucius

we've already commited to doing damage to philosophy 
― Us

Right is right, and wrong is wrong, and a body ain't got no business doing wrong when he ain't ignorant and knows better.
― Mark Twain

About morals, I know only that what is moral is what you feel good after and what is immoral is what you feel bad after.
― ERNEST HEMINGWAY

Give up money, give up fame, give up science, give the earth itself and all it contains, rather than do an immoral act.
THOMAS JEFFERSON

Most people seem to believe that not only is it permissible to turn the train down the spur, it is actually required—morally obligatory.”
― David Edmonds

Subjectivism maintains that there are no objective moral truths.”
― David Edmonds

